README.md, before:

# talkative
Talkative is a jQuery plugin to roll pieces of text in an animated way.

Depends on jQuery 1.x.

##Usage

Load jQuery, the talkative plugin and the provided CSS file ``talkative.css``.

You should have a DOM element with ``data-toggle="talkative"`` and nested elements to roll:

```html
<div data-toggle="talkative">
    <span>tagada</span>
    <span>fruikipik</span>
    <span>schtroumpf</span>
    <span>croco</span>
    <span>dragibus</span>
</div>
```

And finally launch rotation:

```javascript
<script>
$(document).on('ready', function() {

    $('[data-toggle="talkative"]').talkative({
        start: 2000,
        delay: 4000
    });

});
</script>
```

## Options

Following options could be passed to the talkative function:

- **selector**: selector to find nested alternate element (default: *span*),
- **start**: delay before starting first rolling (in ms, default: *1000*),
- **delay**: delay between rotation (in ms, default: *4000*),
- **animation_delay**: duration of the animation, should be longer that ``delay`` (in ms, default: *1000*)

## About the original author
This was freely and happily made by Maaya for the donut.me team.
I put no licence on this, fork, change, use and do what you want.

Feel free to contact me for questions, thanks, or insults at maaya.code.dev@gmail.com (if any).

Commit message:

Introduce a new 'mode' option that allow next alternative choosing by 'random' or 'natural' order

README.md, after:

# talkative
Talkative is a jQuery plugin to roll pieces of text in an animated way.

Depends on jQuery 1.x.

##Usage

Load jQuery, the talkative plugin and the provided CSS file ``talkative.css``.

You should have a DOM element with ``data-toggle="talkative"`` and nested elements to roll:

```html
<div data-toggle="talkative">
    <span>tagada</span>
    <span>fruikipik</span>
    <span>schtroumpf</span>
    <span>croco</span>
    <span>dragibus</span>
</div>
```

And finally launch rotation:

```javascript
<script>
$(document).on('ready', function() {

    $('[data-toggle="talkative"]').talkative({
        start: 2000,
        delay: 4000
    });

});
</script>
```

## Options

Following options could be passed to the talkative function:

- **selector**: selector to find nested alternate element (default: *span*),
- **start**: delay before starting first rolling (in ms, default: *1000*),
- **delay**: delay between rotation (in ms, default: *4000*),
- **animation_delay**: duration of the animation, should be longer that ``delay`` (in ms, default: *1000*)
- **mode**: how the plugin chosse next content to rotate, ``random`` or ``natural`` (default: ``natural``)

## About the original author
This was freely and happily made by Maaya for the donut.me team.
I put no licence on this, fork, change, use and do what you want.

Feel free to contact me for questions, thanks, or insults at maaya.code.dev@gmail.com (if any).
